Ins 27092 versioning docs (#287)
IBM/universal-connectors: docs/available_plugins_1.md

# Available Plug-ins

> Universal Connector uses plug-ins to connect the different datasources to Guardium. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The universal connector uses plug-ins to connect the different data sources to Guardium. 
```

> Below all the available plug-ins which are pre-developed and ready for use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are all the available plug-ins, which are pre-developed and ready for use.
```

Our latest product version for Guardium Data Protection is [11.5](../docs/Guardium%20Data%20Protection)

Our latest product version for Guardium Insights is [3.2.x](../docs/Guardium%20Insights/3.2.x/Plugins_management.md)
## Supported Datasources
The following list is supported by the latest versions.

> In case of other version, please refer the supported versions inside the plug-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see if a particular plug-in is supported by older versions, please refer to the "supported versions" section inside each plug-in page.
```
